I will use the random library for the random generation of a code
I don't intent to use a gui

general overview of the program:
- shell program
welcomes the user and explains the program. Asks the user what they want to do.

welcome message: """
Welcome to mastermind!

Play mastermind against the computer.
Break the code or watch our code-breaker bot crack yours!

1) Break the code
2) Challenge our code-breaker bot
Press anything else to Quit

Enter your choice:
"""

initiate the route the user takes

routes:
    - user breaks the code (Break the code)
    amount of pins: 4; amount of colours: 8

        - generate random code
        use random library
        generate a random list of 4 with integers from 0 up until 7

        - ask for guess
        translate colour input to integer

        - compare guess to code
            - check red pins
            returns the amount of identical items on indexes between code and guess
            - check white pins
            returns the amount of items that are in the guess and in the code, but not on the same index

            if there are 4 red pins, go to step 'end'
            show red and white pins to user
            go to step 'ask for guess'

        - end
        congratulate user. show amount of guesses
        goes back to shell program


    - computer breaks the code (Challenge our code-breaker bot)
    amount of pins: 4; amount of colours: 6

        - create a list with all possible codes
        every code of [n, n, n, n] where n is 0 to 5 and no two lists are identical
        0000 0001 0010 0011 0100 0101 0110 0111 1000 1001 1010 1011 1100 1101 1110 1111 all codes 0 and 1
        above without first and last 4 bits for every colour (int) code (above was with 0 and 1, so also for 0
        and 2, 1 and 2, etc.)
        create list with full four bits (0000, 1111 ... 5555)
        all lists together are all codes

        - choose first guess
        first guess:
            # source: artikel Universiteit van Groningen
            knuth's algorithm:
            find the starter with the best (read: lowest) 'worst case scenario' (w.c.s. = the pin outcome of with the
            most possible codes still left over after this new information)

            heuristic algorithm:
            find the starter with the lowest standard deviance (standard deviance of list with all codes still
            possible after all pin outcomes.)

        all other guesses:
            knuth's algorithm:
            find the code with the lowest 'worst case scenario'. Does this by calculating the amount of codes left after
            all potential pin feedbacks. The potential pin feedback that generates the most amount of codes is the worst
            case scenario.

            heuristic algorithm:
            find code with the lowest standard deviance. Does this by calculating the amount of codes left after all
            potential pin feedbacks and putting these values in a list. Calculates the standard deviance of this list.

        - receive answer
        answer_message: """please read carefully about how to give your answer to our bot:
        w = a white pin
        r = a red pin
        enter only w or r for every pin you want to answer. The order does not matter!
        (e.g. wwr for two white pins and one red)"""

        - eliminate all impossible codes based upon received answer
        eliminate all codes that would not generate same answer as received answer.
        for every code check the following:
        if compare guess to code = answer, code is still valid.
            - compare guess to code (see line 26 up until 30)
        else, code has to be deleted.

        - end
        show amount of guesses
        goes back to shell program


    - quit (Quit)
    quits the program
